Recommend system probe installation on 2+ hosts (#7481)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_performance_monitoring/installation.md

## Setup

To enable Network Performance Monitoring, configure it in your [Agent's main configuration file][6] based on your system setup. 

> Given this tool's focus and strength is in analyzing traffic _between_ network endpoints and mapping network dependencies, we recommend installing it on a meaningful subset of your infrastructure and a **_minimum of 2 hosts_** to maximize value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given this tool's focus and strength is in analyzing traffic _between_ network endpoints and mapping network dependencies, it is recommend to install it on a meaningful subset of your infrastructure and a **_minimum of 2 hosts_** to maximize value. 
```

Author: @sarina-dd good change! found one small typo: "it is recommendED to install it..."
